README: Add more details for simplespec and beta releases (#337)
jurplel/install-qt-action: README.md

### `version`
The desired version of Qt to install.

You can also pass in [SimpleSpec version](https://pypi.org/project/semantic-version/#the-simplespec-scheme) ranges or use wildcards, for example `6.2.*` or `>=6.2.0,<6.5.0`.  

> **Please note that beta releases of new Qt versions are not labelled and will not be excluded - you need set your ranges and wildcard patterns accordingly.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass in [SimpleSpec version](https://pypi.org/project/semantic-version/#the-simplespec-scheme) ranges or use wildcards, for example `6.2.*` or `>=6.2.0,<6.5.0`. Beta releases will not be excluded if the version range is too large (e.g., `>=6.*.*`); you need to set ranges and wildcard patterns accordingly.**
```

Less new lines, one example.

I like the link to the PyPI docs, btw.

Default: `6.8.3` (Last Qt 6 LTS)

> [!NOTE]

> > For Linux builds, Qt 6+ requires Ubuntu 20.04 or later GHA runners.

Reviewer: We already have a bunch of "notes" in this README. If we need this GitHub-flavor format, we should rewrite the whole document, otherwise future developers won't know which format is more acceptable. Thus, I think we should keep it as-is.

The format of this document needs much editing. We can learn it from "https://github.com/actions/checkout/tree/v6.0.3" (df4cb1c069e1874edd31b4311f1884172cec0e10).

Reviewer: I mean this:

```suggestion
**Please note that for Linux builds, Qt 6+ requires Ubuntu 20.04 or later.**
```

just let it back.

Author: Thanks for bringing this up again, did not manage to look into all changes yesterday.

### `version`
The desired version of Qt to install.

> You can also pass in [SimpleSpec version](https://pypi.org/project/semantic-version/#the-simplespec-scheme) ranges or use wildcards, for example `6.2.*` or `>=6.2.0,<6.5.0`. Beta releases will not be excluded if the version range is too large (e.g., `>=6.*.*`); you need to set ranges and wildcard patterns accordingly.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass in [SimpleSpec version](https://pypi.org/project/semantic-version/#the-simplespec-scheme) ranges or use wildcards, for example `6.2.*` or `>=6.2.0,<6.5.0`. Beta releases will not be excluded if the version range is too large (e.g., `>=6.*.*`); you need to set ranges and wildcard patterns accordingly.
```

unexpected asterisks.
